ixes:

welcome page
remove sun graphic
left align the text and increase spacing between title and sub-heading
make title and subheading a little bigger
use typewriter animation
use haptic feedback as type writer is writing
selectable buttons
for the check mark, use the same color as the container (#FF9000), instead of green.
Center the buttons vertically so that are in the middle between the continue button and the text above
Bible Wake prevents you from snoozing page
for the actual graph and the key indicators, put into a white container. Use reasonable padding
for the stat that says: "84% of users report becoming a morning person after just 2 weeks", remove the orange like container, and change the text to grey-like sub-headings you have on other pages.
also, slightly slow down the animation and add a 400ms delay
Which of these verse could you recite right now, from memory? page
allow multi-select for options on this page
Most Christians know verses. Few can actually say them page
when percentage animations are loading, use hatpic feedback
add 300ms delay before percentage animation starts
disable continue button until animation is over
Start every day with scripture page
use attached image, bible.png, for the image
Memorizing verse helps your faith grow page
for the actual graph and the key indicators, put into a white container. Use reasonable padding
for the stat that says: "Daily scripture engagement is the #1 predictor of lasting spritual growth.", remove the orange like container, and change the text to grey-like sub-headings you have on other pages.
also, slightly slow down the animation and add a 400ms delay
Bible Wake combines both. Wake up on time. Start with the Word page
Change text to "Bible Wake combines both. Wake up on time & Start with Scripture."
Increase font size drastically
Pause for about 400-500ms after the first sentence, "Bible Wake combines both."
Change "Bible Wake", "Wake up" and "Scripture" to font color #FF9000
What time do you want to wake up page
scrolling wheel kept scrolling and glitching after I spun it
Center the wheel vertically so that are in the middle between the continue button and the text above
Which days page
Center the options vertically so that are in the middle between the continue button and the text above
Choose your verse page
At this point the user doesnt know the difference between Memorize and Declare
Those terms/options needs to explained
this page can be revealed in different parts. The first part is picking between memorize and declare, with a brief description of what each is (like in the choose verse bottom sheet). Then fade out zoom in animation, the next section is revealed (same page), user can pick choose their own verse or select from our library (the current you already have is fine). Fade out zoom in animation to verse library or text box to enter verse depending on their prior choice. The animations are alternating between fading in or our and zooming in or out, similar to animation at "Set only one alarm" page.
Pick your alarm sound page
the sounds are not playing (same issue with alarm sound picker bottom sheet, fix the issue there as well)
Join thousands waking up in the Word
remove this page
Never miss your wake-up page
Align buttons to the bottoms vertifcally, not center
replace notifaction and container graphic with attached image, notifcation.png.
remove "Not now" option
Ring even on silent page
Align buttons to the bottoms vertifcally, not center
replace alarm and container graphic with attached image, alarm-clock.png.
remove "Not now" option
allow permission wasnt request when i clicked "Allow alarms sounds", maybe its only an expo thing
Prove you're awake page
Align buttons to the bottoms vertifcally, not center
replace camera and container graphic with attached image, camera.png.
remove "Not now" option
Continue button
make button #FF9000 for colors
Center the buttons/options vertically so that are in the middle between the continue button and the text above. Right they are at the bottom and vertically overflowing and dissappearing on scroll